On February 13, according to Xinhua News Agency, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) decided that Comrade Ying yong should be appointed as a member, standing committee member and secretary of Hubei Provincial Committee, and Comrade Jiang Chaoliang will no longer serve as party secretary, standing committee and member of Hubei Province.
On the same day, Ma Guoqiang no longer served as deputy secretary of the Hubei Provincial Party Committee, Wuhan Party Secretary, Wang Zhonglin became the new Wuhan Party Secretary.
In late 2019, an outbreak of new coronavirus pneumonia spread from Wuhan. On December 31, 2019, the national health and health committee expert group arrived in Wuhan in the morning to carry out the relevant testing and verification work.
It has been 45 days since the Group's arrival on 31 December to 13 February. China Economic Weekly
【1】
According to public reports, from the end of December to January 20, Jiang Chaoliang's work arrangements focused on the two sessions in Hubei Province and the end of the year to welcome the new activities.
On December 31, the national health and health committee expert group arrived in Wuhan, formally involved in the inspection and verification. Wuhan Health and Health Commission reported 27 cases of "viral pneumonia" on the same day, no obvious human transmission and medical infection.
On the same day, people from all walks of life in Hubei Province welcomed the New Year's Tea Party at the Meiling Auditorium in Donghu, and Jiang Chaoliang delivered a speech at the tea party.
On January 1, Wuhan closed the wholesale seafood market in South China. On the same day, the Wuhan Municipal Public Security Bureau posted a message on its official microblog, "Peaceful Wuhan", entitled "Eight rumor-mongers are being investigated and prosecuted in accordance with the law".
On the afternoon of January 2, Jiang Chaoliang presided over the 13th meeting of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
On January 3, Wuhan Health and Construction Commission reported 44 cases of "not obvious viral pneumonia", saying that no obvious human transmission and medical infection.
On January 3, Jiang Chaoliang went to Hubei Province's Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to investigate the work of "three farmers". In the afternoon, the 13th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People's Congress of Hubei Province was adjourned, and Jiang Chaoliang presided over and spoke.
On January 5, Wuhan Health and Health Commission reported 59 cases of "unexplained viral pneumonia" on the same day, saying that no significant human transmission and medical infection.
On January 7, Jiang Chaoliang presided over the central study of the theory learning center of the provincial committee to concentrate on learning and speaking. In the afternoon, Jiang Chaoliang presided over three meetings, namely: the fifth meeting of the Provincial Committee for Comprehensive Reform and Deepening, the third plenary meeting of the Committee on Civil-Military Integration and Development of the Provincial Committee, and the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the Provincial Committee.
On January 8, the national health and health committee expert group confirmed the new coronavirus as the source of the outbreak in Wuhan.
On January 8, Jiang Chaoliang presided over the fifth meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and the Provincial Committee's Theme Education Leading Group.
On January 9, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a democratic consultation meeting of the provincial committee.
On January 11-17, Hubei Province held two meetings. No new cases were reported during the period.
On January 11, the Wuhan Health and Reform Commission reported 41 confirmed cases of new coronal pneumonia, saying that there were no new infections after January 3, and no apparent human-to-human infections were found. On the same day, the number of cases was reduced from 59 to 4 with the name of "unexplained viral pneumonia" being changed to new coronary pneumonia.                                    On January 11, the Wuhan Health and Reform Commission reported 41 confirmed cases of new coronal pneumonia, saying that there were no new infections after January 3, and no apparent human-to-human infections were found. On the same day, the number of cases was reduced from 59 to 41 after the number of cases was changed to "unexplained viral pneumonia" as new coronary pneumonia. On 14 January, the previous wording "No infection of medical personnel, no clear evidence of human transmission" was changed to "No clear human-to-human evidence has been found, and the possibility of limited human transmission cannot be ruled out, but the risk of continuous human transmission is low".
On January 11-17, Hubei Province held two meetings. Jiang Chaoliang was mainly busy with the two meetings. During this period, wuhan Health and Health Commission did not report new cases of coronary pneumonia.
On January 18, the two sessions of Hubei Province closed. On the same day, Wuhan Health and Health Commission reported 4 new cases of diagnosis.
On the afternoon of January 19, Jiang Chaoliang and Wang Xiaodong paid a visit to the Yangtze River Water Resources Commission.
On the same day, Jiang Chaoliang attended a symposium on the new year' military. Jiang Chaoliang, Wang Xiaodong and Ma Guoqiang visited some of the old comrades in Wuhan.
On January 21, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee, the same day to watch the performance of the arts.
On January 20, General Secretary Xi Jinping issued an important directive, Wuhan City, Hubei Province and other places in recent cases of new coronavirus infection pneumonia outbreak, must be given high attention to, to do a good job in prevention and control. Premier Li Keqiang issued a directive calling for all efforts to do a good job in prevention and control and chaired an executive meeting of the State Council to further deploy the epidemic prevention and control work, and to call for effective and effective containment of the epidemic.
Zhong Nanshan, head of the high-level expert group of the National Health and Reform Commission, confirmed the "human-to-human" nature of the new coronavirus and had medical infections.
On January 20, Jiang Chaoliang paid a visit to Daye City to offer condolences to the needy people and members of the difficult party at the grass-roots level.
On the same day, Wuhan City held a working meeting of the pneumonia epidemic prevention and control command of the new coronavirus infection, Wuhan Party Secretary Ma Guoqiang attended the meeting, stressed the need to deeply implement the spirit of the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping, implement Premier Li Keqiang's instructions and the deployment of the State Council executive meeting, in accordance with the requirements of the provincial government, take more stringent measures, internal non-proliferation , foreign defense export, to prevent the spread of the epidemic spread, and effectively protect the lives and health of the people.
On January 21, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee to convey the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping on the outbreak of pneumonia with the new coronavirus infection, as well as the spirit of the Teleconference of the State Council Executive Meeting and Prevention and Control work on January 20, to study and deploy the provincial epidemic prevention and control work.
On the same day, the 2020 Hubei Spring Festival Party festival was successfully held in Wuhan Hongshan Auditorium, Hubei Provincial Party Secretary, provincial governor and other leaders with representatives from all walks of life in the province to watch the performance.
On January 22nd, Hubei Province launched a secondary emergency response to a public health emergency.
On the same day, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan in Wuhan City to inspect and guide the prevention and control of the pneumonia outbreak of the new coronavirus infection, condolences to the first-line prevention and control personnel.
On January 22, the Provincial Government Office of the Hubei Provincial Committee issued a notice: the provincial party committee, the provincial government set up by the provincial party secretary, the provincial governor as the commander of the New Coronary virus infection pneumonia epidemic prevention and control command, and set up a special class.
On January 22nd, Hubei Province launched a secondary emergency response to a public health emergency.
On the same day, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan in Wuhan City to inspect and guide the prevention and control of the pneumonia outbreak of the new coronavirus infection, condolences to the first-line prevention and control personnel
On January 22, the Provincial Government Office of the Hubei Provincial Committee issued a notice: the provincial party committee, the provincial government set up by the provincial party secretary, the provincial governor as the commander of the new coronavirus infection pneumonia epidemic prevention and control command, and set up a special class co-ordination organization and coordination.
【2】
On January 22nd, the New Crown Pneumonia Outbreak Prevention and Control Command of Hubei Province was established.
On January 23rd, Wuhan "sealed the city".
On the morning of January 23, Jiang Chaoliang presided over the second meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee (Expansion) and the Provincial Pneumonia Prevention and Control Command. The meeting stressed that to catch the epidemic prevention and control as the current central work, fully into the "wartime" state, internal non-proliferation, external defense export, resolutely win the epidemic prevention and control battle.
In the afternoon, Jiang Chaoliang went to Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital to visit the medical workers fighting in the fight against the epidemic, concerned about understanding the ICU negative pressure ward patient treatment situation, and to the medical workers expressed condolences and respect.
On January 24, Jiang Chaoliang presided over the convening of a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, the dispatch command and control work stressed that, at present, to fight the outbreak of spillover war. On the same day, Hubei Province launched a public health emergency emergency response (the previous day, Zhejiang, Hunan, Guangdong has started a first-level response).
On January 25, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee to convey the spirit of learning the important speech made by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
On January 25, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, stressing that the Party Central Committee of the State Council on the prevention and control of the epidemic decision-making deployment, the City of Wuhan as a top priority, further strengthen measures to stop the outbreak spill.
On the afternoon of January 25, Jiang Chaoliang and Wang Xiaodong went to Tongji Hospital, affiliated with Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, to learn about the treatment of fever outpatient clinics and to express their new-year condolences and deep respect to the medical workers who are on the front line of the fight against the epidemic.
On January 26, the Hubei Provincial New Pneumonia Prevention and Control Command held a meeting to re-learn, re-reflect, re-implement and re-implement the important speech spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's study of the prevention and control of the new pneumonia epidemic at the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
On the afternoon of January 26, Jiang Chaoliang went to Hankou Hospital and Six Hospitals in Wuhan City to investigate the withdrawal of wards and the addition of beds;
On January 27, li Keqiang, the Premier of the State Council and head of the Central Leading Group for The Response to the Outbreak of New Coronary Virus Infection pneumonia, visited Wuhan to guide the prevention and control of the epidemic, representing the Party Central Committee and the State Council in expressing condolences to the medical personnel on the front line of epidemic prevention and control.
On the evening of January 27th, the pneumonia prevention and control command of the new coronavirus infection in Hubei Province held a meeting to convey the spirit and request of Learning from the speeches of Premier Li Keqiang and Vice Premier Sun Chunlan, and to further study and deploy the epidemic prevention and control work in Hubei Province.
On January 28, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan led the Central Steering Group to listen.
On January 28, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan led the Central Steering Group to hear a report on the prevention and control of the epidemic in Hubei Province, and Jiang Chaoliang, Wang Xiaodong and Ma Guoqiang attended the meeting.
On January 29, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan led the Central Steering Group to hear a report on the prevention and control of the epidemic in Hubei Province, and to study and guide Hubei to further improve the allocation of medical resources, detection of suspected cases, and tight balance of medical materials.
On the afternoon of January 29, a teleconference was held on the prevention and control of the new pneumonia epidemic in the province. Jiang Chaoliang attended and stressed that the thoughts and actions should be unified into the spirit of the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping, implement the decision-making and deployment requirements of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council and the work of the Central Steering Group, strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic in the province, especially in rural areas, build a tight line of defense against group prevention and control, and resolutely curb the spread of the epidemic.
On January 29, Jiang Chaoliang went to Wuhan to inspect and guide the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On January 30, Jiang Chaoliang went to Hanchuan City, Wuhan Province, The Chinese and Western medicine combined with the hospital inspection to guide the epidemic prevention and control work.
Jiang Chaoliang attended the press conference for the first time.
On the evening of January 30, Jiang Chaoliang took part in a press conference for the first time and bowed his head.
On January 31, Jiang Chaoliang went to Huanggang Hong'an County to inspect and guide the prevention and control work. In the afternoon, Jiang Chaoliang in Wuhan City random inspection of vegetable supply, community prevention and control work.
On February 1, Vice Premier Sun Chunlan led the Central Committee to Hubei Province to listen to the report on the key work of epidemic prevention and control in Hubei Province and Wuhan City.
On the afternoon of February 1, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a teleconference on the province's epidemic prevention and control dispatch work, emphasizing the mobilization of all forces, carpet-type search for suspected cases, rapid increase of emergency treatment sites, all suspected patients are first concentrated isolation, and then organize testing, treatment of the disease, to ensure that the collection, a no leakage, strict prevention of cross-infection.
On the morning of February 2, the prevention and control command of the new coronavirus infection outbreak in Hubei Province held a meeting. The meeting stressed that at present, the province's prevention and control situation is still extremely serious, to do a detailed grass-roots basic work, firmly in accordance with the "four concentrations" requirements, all suspected patients concentrated isolation.
On the afternoon of February 2, the command post of the new coronavirus infection outbreak prevention and control command in Hubei Province held a meeting of the commander-in-chief.
On February 3, Jiang Chaoliang went to Jingzhou Honghu City to inspect and guide the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On the evening of February 3, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and the provincial command for the prevention and control of the outbreak of new coronavirus infection pneumonia, saying that "profound reflection" should be made.
February 4-9, Jiang Chaoliang to Wuhan City to inspect and supervise the epidemic prevention and control.
On February 4, Jiang Chaoliang went to Wuchang District to check the placement of suspected patients in central isolation points, and in the afternoon, Jiang Chaoliang went to Wuhan City to inspect and supervise the prevention and control of the epidemic, and asked for timely isolation and treatment of suspected and confirmed patients.
On February 5, Jiang Chaoliang went to Wuhan City to inspect and supervise the epidemic prevention and control work, emphasizing that according to the changes in the epidemic scientific measurement of the city's material needs, in advance to do a good job of organizing the supply, especially to ensure good medical first-line protective clothing, N95 masks and other needs, never allow due to the lack of protective materials and mistreatment; Jiang Chaoliang to Wuhan City to inspect and supervise the epidemic prevention and control work, stressed that according to the changes in the epidemic scientific measurement of the city's material needs, in advance to do a good job of organizing the supply work, in particular, to ensure good medical first-line protective clothing, N95 masks and other needs, never allow because of the protection materials are not in place and mistreated treatment; Check the work of epidemic prevention and control.
On February 6, Jiang Chaoliang supervised the prevention and control of the epidemic in Wuhan, stressing the need to implement various prevention and control measures in a state of wartime.
On February 7, Jiang Chaoliang supervised the epidemic prevention and control work in Wuhan City, emphasizing the need to speed up the collection of centralized isolation points and facility transformation, and continue to recruit a number of hotels, venues, training centers, etc., for the centralized treatment of suspected patients, patients with light patients and close contact personnel to stay and watch, do a good job of isolation point resources cross-district co-ordination.
On February 8, Jiang Chaoliang supervised the epidemic prevention and control work in Wuhan City, stressing the need to carry out comprehensive investigation and control work, resolutely cut off the transmission channels, block the spread of the epidemic;
On the evening of February 12th, the last meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee was held.
On February 8, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and the Provincial Command for the Prevention and Control of the Outbreak of New Coronary Virus Infection pneumonia to convey the spirit of learning the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping and study the implementation measures in Hubei Province.
On February 9, Jiang Chaoliang supervised the prevention and control of the epidemic in Wuhan, stressing the need for comprehensive investigation and suspected testing. Strengthen the "quartet responsibility" of territorial, departmental, unit and individual, promote cadres to sink into the streets and communities, and enrich the grass-roots inspection and treatment force.
On February 10, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and a meeting of the Commander-in-Chief of the Command. The meeting stressed that the focus is on the prevention and control of the outbreak in Wuhan. To ensure that the city should receive patients "zero", comprehensive screening "zero", suspected detection "zero", to achieve the end of the day;
On February 11, Jiang Chaoliang supervised the epidemic prevention and control work in Wuhan City, stressing that cadres at all levels should be pressured to the grass-roots level, enriched the grass-roots inspection and treatment force, in the first line of prevention and control inspection and identification of cadres, with strong discipline to ensure that the win in Wuhan defense war.
On the evening of February 12, Jiang Chaoliang presided over a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and the Command Chief of the Provincial New Crown Pneumonia Prevention and Control Command, and conveyed the spirit of learning the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the meeting of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee to analyze the current situation of the new crown pneumonia outbreak and to study and strengthen the work of prevention and control. Then learn to understand the important speech spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping listening to the report of the work of the Central Steering Group and Hubei Provincial Command by video conference, and study and deploy to further grasp the epidemic prevention and control work in the province.
(From Hubei Daily, Xinhua News Agency, People's Daily, etc.
The Story of Woolende
   International epidemic prevention expert Meisni visited the plague patient sitd out the plague patient died. Epidemic prevention experts killed the entire city of Harbin, a Russian hospital. The Qing government ordered the city to be sealed and the whole city to catch rats, causing the world to shock. Woolendard's judgment was confirmed in such a way. Many of Woolende's proposed initiatives have been actively supported and implemented by the government, and public health has attracted the attention of all levels of government for the first time.
  Cao Bingwei, a scholar of modern history, said:
  "The Jilin Province issued a notice: the customs and quarantine sub-offices in the city set up machine potions, see people disinfection. In Tieling government to the local people sent more than 10,000 "breathing bags", ordered the people to bring breathing bags, by the patrol at any time to check, if there is non-compliance with the crime of police. Slaughter industry must be disinfected once a day, internal organs must be cleaned on the spot, packed in a special board box, not allowed to be exposed. Staff must wear white clothing.
   Tianjin Health Bureau issued an emergency notice listed: drink inglias, eat cooked food, pay attention to life and hygiene and so on more than 10 preventive measures.
   Beijing issued a notice: all streets and alleys shaved head houses are all paste clean, underground are padded lime, all the shop friends, clothes, cloth, handkerchiefs and so on, updated three times a day, such as found drowning, not comply with public health fines 5-30 yuan. "
   Nearly a century on, even from today's perspective, these epidemic prevention measures are scientific. But to The bewilderment of Woolende is that the epidemic has not only not been contained but intensified after various epidemic prevention measures have been fully implemented. Isolation, disinfection, blocking traffic, can do things, why the outbreak is heavy day by day? At this point, Woolende is under a lot of pressure. At one point, he pondered whether there were loopholes in the defensive system he had built, and what else he had not considered?
   One day he was in front of a scene of hell on earth, long standing, he saw the real hell, corpses across the wild, a row of coffins body open-air parking, stretching for a mile. It was this scene of hell in the world that made him think too hard to answer, and the bodies must be disposed of as soon as possible. Woolende first came to the burial team to let them quickly dig a hole to bury the body.
    Liu Changhao, a scholar of modern history at the Beijing University School of Information Training, said:
   "Harbin's winter, the temperature at least minus 20 degrees Celsius, in such a temperature the land is harder than gold stone, don't say dig a hole, that is, want to dig a shallow pit is also very difficult, so to say that the burial can only wait until the spring when the earth thawed, but in this way, I am afraid that the people who died of plague will have to multiply. "
    Woolende secretly thought that there were only two ways to stop the spread of plague through the carcass: one was buried deep, the other was to burn the body. The thought flashed through Woolende's mind, and he could not shake it self. "Burning the corpse" Woolende was shocked by his thoughts and sweated. The Chinese have always had the custom of being in the land for security, and treated the remains of their parents' ancestors with greater respect. Under the traditional concept, burning corpses is simply unthinkable. Even Mr Woolende, who grew up overseas, was afraid to challenge the Chinese's ethics. He thought of wanting to go, but only the book court asked the emperor to go under a holy will in order to calm the opposition of the people.
   Regent Wang Zhai was furious when he saw the medal: "What?" Don't you want me to make a special holy order for burning the body, isn't it to laugh at the world? Shi Zhaoji Road: "The court thought it was the work in the autumn, open a generation of the atmosphere first, the move of the world." Regent King in this critical moment, if can be when the machine to stand up, force to pull the momentum, will become my Great Qing Zhongxing King. "
   Woolende's request to burn the body was so shaken by the Qing government that three days later they received a telegram from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs: "Dr. Wu's request may be carried out according to the plan." "If the large-scale epidemic of plague and the fight against the epidemic had greatly affected the old customs of life at that time, there was no more impact than funeral savement. Cremation this new way of burial is both convenient and hygienic, its appearance is people in the funeral view of scientific and civilized concept to overcome ignorance and superstition signs. At this time, FuJiadian has been a quarter of the death of plague, coincides with the Spring Festival, in order to be able to dispel people's sad mood, cheer up everyone's spirit, the Ministry of Epidemic Prevention issued leaflets calling on everyone to set off firecrackers, flush with the anger. Strangely enough, the death toll from Fujiadian's ever-rising death toll has fallen since then.
   At 0:00 p.m. on march 1, 1911, all the people in Harbin's epidemic prevention bureau held their breath and waited for the moment to come. The hour-time fingertip refers to the death toll of Fu Jiadian by 0:00 a.m. Then Changchun, Fengtian, Tieling, the major cities in the northeast have come to the newspaper, died of plague zero. The success of epidemic prevention in the three eastern provinces, so that the general commander of epidemic prevention, Wu Liande, the work of epidemic prevention to become the 12 national experts in Fengtian held a seminar on the plague of all nations. The famous Japanese scholar Kiti Chai Sanro, who discovered the plague bacteria, could only surrender to the vice-chairman. After the meeting, the Qing Dynasty rewarded Wu Liande medical officer, the army blue army rank, in the Forbidden City was summoned by the Regent, awarded the second-class Shuanglong Medal, the Governor-General awarded the Gold Award, the Tsar government awarded the second-class medal, the French government awarded the honorary title.
    Liu Changhao, a scholar of modern history at the Beijing University School of Information Training, said:
    "The plague that has ravaged Harbin for half a year is entirely contained by the Chinese themselves, and in the face of the great plague, the Qing government's open attitude and decisive action have made the world look great; Not only to promote China's public health care in the modern journey, but also to further curb the expansion of the Japanese and Russian aggressors' expansionary ambitions. "
   In human history, the plague epidemic killed millions, and even at the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries, when science progressed, more than 60,000 people were just the weekly deaths during the plague epidemic in India. From this point of view, we know why Chinese and foreign people are not stingy to give the highest praise to Woolende. Just as many people were celebrating with the crown, he was already world-renowned and coolly thought the plague would make a comeback.
   In 1911, the Home Office of the House of Representatives, Prince Shang Shusu, intended to set up a Special Health Department for Woolityand in the House of Affairs to manage medical care throughout China. "Although the plague in the northeast is under control, there is a possibility of a comeback, i want to establish an epidemic prevention network in the northeast, " Woolende said. Wu Liande resigned from the high-ranking Official Houlu and the invitation of various countries, he quietly returned to Harbin, the establishment of the north-east plague prevention system, and then there to stick to.
   Will the plague come back? How long will it take? A year? Two years? Ten years? Or a lifetime? Will the plague reappear as he predicted? Sure enough, in 1920, the plague came again, and his hero's association, to pull the strings, once again made outstanding contributions to society; Not everyone has the opportunity to contribute their most precious decade to the country for the people. This decade, Woolende several times resigned from the national health director of the senior officials, willing to do Harbin epidemic prevention department under a small director. In the second out of the mountains, Qijia ruled the country after the world and then returned to the field, become the Nanshan mule, Qiujiang fishing father, the end of his life. Its charm of human nature is worthy of the first national soldier in the modern history of China!
   "The only competitor to the human race for the dominance of the earth is the virus. "This is a somewhat surprising statement from Lealdborg, the winner of the Bell Prize, and almost all the truth behind the plague is a surprise, and Woolende's research has also uncovered the true source of the plague in the Northeast. The epidemic of plague in Northeast China has a broad international background, and the demand for animal fur in the world market at the beginning of the 20th century was the driving factor for the first large-scale plague disaster in Northeast China. The source of the plague was not a mouse but a rodent called the slug, which had been hunted in a wild hunt in a meadow on the Sino-Russian border. Over the past few years, dry fur products popular in Europe and the United States, is regarded as comparable to the fur clothing. Driven by the windfall, tens of millions of Manchurians live on the hunt for a drought, while eating from the meat. The plague virus was thus first transmitted to these hunters by the diseased slugs. Although the plague gradually became history, and its aftertones did not end, in 2003 SARS also because of the human over-invasion of nature, from the drought to the fruit beaver, the same atypical lung infectious disease, also adopted the Woolende approach. The 7,296 people who were infected in the protest, known as sars, were infected, but only 526 died. It confirms the progress of this country and all mankind, but with the northeast plague is no different is that these catastrophes for us to provide is a reflection angle, this angle is ancient, long-lasting, that is, how human beings and nature get along!
    Dr. Woolende is an internationally recognized founder of public health, a well-known preventive medicine physician, medical educator and social activist. This year marks the 100th anniversary of Dr. Woolende's death, and today Harbin Medical University held the 100th anniversary of Dr. Wuliande's death and the 50th anniversary of his death.
    The simplest data:
291 confirmed on the 26th of the month
La Moon 27 confirmed 391 people
440 confirmed on the 28th of the month
La Moon 29 confirmed 571 people
30 years of age diagnosed 830 people
1287 people diagnosed at the first day
First two confirmed 1975 people
2744 confirmed in the third year
4515 confirmed in the fourth year
5975 confirmed in the first five years
7711 confirmed in the first six years
9692 confirmed in the first seven years
11,791 confirmed in the first eight years
14411 confirmed in the first nine years
17,205 people diagnosed in the first ten years
Eleven confirmed 20530 people
Twelve confirmed 24,377 people
13 confirmed 28060 people
Fourteen confirmed 31,214 people
15 confirmed 34,664 people
Sixteen confirmed 37,251 people
Seventeen confirmed 40,235 people
Eighteen confirmed 42369 people
Nineteen confirmed 44388 people
Twenty confirmed 59883 people
Twenty-one is still a new diagnosis of 15,153 cases, has been clearly a high incidence period, more than 60,000 people. Protect yourself of safety, do not go out.
Full text: "I am from Hubei"

You ask me where Hubei is?
The water of the river is out of the Three Gorges.
Flow to Wuhan, winding thousands of miles,
Jiangxi, Anhui, Jiangsu, Shanghai,
Nourishing half-wall prosperity, pent-up into the East China Sea.

You ask me where Hubei is?
South-north water transfer out of the Danjiang River.
Thousands of miles clear, miles of deep feeling,
Across Henan, Hebei, Tianjin, Beijing,
To feed half the wall of the river mountain, feeding 500 million people.

You ask me where Hubei is?
Nine provinces are connected to eight sides.
National iron ridge, along the gold belt,
Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Chengdu,
The town guarded the Beijing-Kowloon Railway and held up the Beijing-Guangzhou high-speed railway.

You ask me where Hubei is?
The sound of gunfire in the Dabie Mountains.
349 First Generals, 111 Famous British,
Liu Bocheng, Deng Xiaoping, Teng Daiyuan, Wang Hongkun,
Open up the battlefield of the Central Plains and lay the foundation of the new China!

The magnificent hubei of the mountains and rivers,
The iron-blooded Heart of Hubei,
Brothers and sisters like Hubei,
Comrades and robes like Hubei!
In 2020, when the New Year's bell is about to ring,
Our Hubei, it's hard!

A little strange virus,
At Wuhan South China Seafood Market,
through the body of an unknown wild animal,
Sudden outburst!
It enters our mouths, into our breathing, into the lungs.
It enters our eyes, into the liver and kidneys, into the blood.
It fools our immune system into wreaking havoc!

We're hesitant.
We lack awe of nature.
We believe in science,
But because of cognitive reasons missed the window!
A strange little virus,
Since then, he's jumped out of life,
Our Hubei, our Hubei people,
The beginning of 2020 is an unfortunate one!

Time never changes the rhythm,
It doesn't know your kind, identity, status, old and young.
There's death, there's rumors,
In the fever clinic of Hankou Hospital,
Started all night long, long lines.
Start edaway, start to have hoarding,
In every pharmacy on every street,
No alcohol and masks have been found!
Our Hubei, our life-long Hubei,
She's very ill!

What's going on?
Yesterday or a sunny, today there is a dark cloud shrouded?
What's going on?
Yesterday is still the purchase of goods, today has closed the door?
What's going on? Our Hubei,
Yesterday also pointed to your landscape, waiting for the return of loved ones,
Yesterday also enjoy your glory, want to go to the ends of the world.
And today, all of us in Hubei,
Because of a small strange virus, difficult!

Dry ingress tears, I see a snow-white figure,
She sent a nail-biting WeChat on the high-speed train:
Next stop Tianmennan, I get off to Wuhan!

Dry ingress tears, I see a bloody fingerprint,
They left a sentence on the paper:
If there is a war, call back, the war will win!
Obey orders, without pay, regardless of life or death!

Dry ingress tears, and I suddenly see,
The first ones to fall,
14 weak bodies of neurosurgery at Wuhan Concord Hospital,
Some of them are recovering, some are not out of danger!

Dry ingress tears, and I suddenly see,
The cutest white angels of the new era,
Lack of protection, lack of supply, lack of support, lack of sleep,
They were wearing diapers and hooded paper bags,
Shuttle in the sick area, accompany the patient firm!
I love you, lovely white soldiers!

This is not the time to be vulnerable!
They said, put on white, put on the responsibility!
This is not the time to cry!
They said, put on white, put on the mission!
We're not afraid to rush.
Only hope that when the charge, there is a weapon in hand!
We're not afraid of bloodshed.
Only hope that when bleeding, you can listen to my voice pain!
Don't you come to Hubei, he don't come to Hubei, we are in Hubei!
You don't sacrifice, he doesn't sacrifice, let's die!
Oh, my God! We love Hubei!
Oh, my God! Please save the Hubei people!

We have closed the door to get out.
We're going to use our own flesh, trapped the virus,
In exchange for the peace of the Republic!

We've cut off the road to escape,
We're going to light the fire in the purgatory, burn the virus,
If you don't back down, we'll be with you!

What can stay is his own hero!
We were born in S, grown in S, will also be buried in S!
This is our home.
We're not going anywhere!
In order to have sacrifice many ambitions, dare to call the day and moon for a new day!

You see, 84-year-old Zhong Nanshan is coming!
Look, the white-haired old academicians are here!
Look, the medical teams assembled in the provinces are coming!
Look, a truckload of aid is coming!

You see, in the lights,
People put their hands out of the window and shouted:
Look at it! The PLA is coming! We're not afraid!
You see, it's still on the closed streets,
The prime minister, wearing a mask, was calm, saying:
I am commissioned by the General Secretary to share the difficulttimes with you!

Sealed the city, but we won't seal love!
That's a good sentence!
More and more places have set up special places for Hubei people,
More and more hotels are dedicated to Hubei people living.
There are many more exoskeletons, in different forms,
To the Hubei people to provide more selfless help and sympathy!

Hubei people are grateful!
Disaster is the mirror, let us see the indifference;
Disaster is a touchstone, let us find sincerity!
Benefactor! The grace of dripping water, when the spring is reported!
He passed hubei day, there will be wine to meet!

Hubei people are strong!
Disaster is a wake-up call, we reflect in the disaster!
Disaster is the furnace of exercise loyalty, after the fire to be reborn!
At the moment, the people of Zhicheng, the iron and stone blood grinding a sword,
When the mountains are full of flowers, the spring breeze sends the plague god!
